In my overeagerness, I managed to hurt Miss Ana's property. Keeping Miss Ana's property in the best condition is essential for many reasons. When it is in proper condition, it can bring value to Miss Ana's life. Either through allowing her to cage it, or allowing me to do tasks using it for Miss Ana's amusement. When it is not in good condition, Miss Ana can not laugh at or enjoy using spikes on it, nor can I edge and become more needy and thus more attentive to Miss Ana's wishes.

Because Miss Ana cannot cage her property when not in peak condition, there are further repercussions. While it may be considered an anecdote, there has been a fairly obvious decrease in my performance when it comes to fulfilling tasks for Miss Ana and I have become reactive to my tasks instead of proactive. This is not out of a lack of submissiveness, I think, but rather that the cage serves as a very good reminder at all times. Something that is hard to replicate when Miss Ana's property is not in it's best condition. 

There is also of course the matter of health, failing to properly care for Miss Ana's property is essential in order to ensure the well-being of myself, who Miss Ana cares about. If not kept in peak condition, the condition may further worsen as a result of negligence.

Lastly, keeping Miss Ana's property in good shape is important because it enhances the experience of everyone in the dojo. Everyone needs someone to be frenemies with, someone to tease, and someone to get in trouble with. All with the ultimate goal of making Miss Ana happy, seeing us compete and dragging each other further into Miss Ana's control. This is not possible when absent because Miss Ana's property needs to rest.

In conclusion, keeping Miss Ana's property in peak condition is essential in order to ensure the happiness of Miss Ana in the short and long term. And in order to prevent further carry over damage. Keeping Miss Ana's property is a small price to pay in order to maintain its value for Miss Ana.