Todoroki fights against a whole class by himself, even though he seems outmatched in pure power he manages to outwit them by tricking them to bunch up near a tank of explosive gas. And of course Todoroki sets it on fire and freezes them all in place after the shock. Becoming the first UA student to pass. 

Yaoyorozu and a few others are hunted by a group led by a girl with a quirk that gives her extremely high IQ. She calculates more or less all of their moves and almost takes out Yaoyorozu without any effort. However, in the end, Yaoyorozu manages to read the girl's plan and resists taking the bait. Then Yaoyorozu goes on an offence and they take out the hunting team. The selflessness and friendship of the UA students was something even the high IQ girl did not foresee, and what clinched the victory and the pass.

Baku is also part of a smaller group now with 3 members and they are walking around hunting for points. They stumble over someone who seems very powerful. They seem not to care about winning and are playing with 10's of players who they have incapacitated. Baku tries to fight him, but gets outsmarted and crumpled into a ball of flesh. But right before Baku loses control, he tosses part of his equipment to his teammate, who manages to win the fight by surprising the guy with Baku's explosive equipment. They pass after having to deal with the now mobile small army that the dude had immobilized.

Deku and his group manages fairly easily to pass by combining Uraraka's quirk with the guy who can shoot sticky bandages a la spiderman. 

The rest of class is on thin ice since pretty much all the spots have been taken, but in a selfless moment, the effeminate guy draws the attention of everyone in a mile radius by shooting his laser in the air. He does this so that Lida can sneak in a few hits, but the entire UA class also sees this, and they come together at last. They overpower all the other who has tunnelled on the laser, and they all pass in the end.