Red Riot is out on his first patrol when some gang has stolen something and is running through the streets. Fat Gum, the hero Red Riot is working for, and Tamaki, one of the top 3 students, manage to handle them. But suddenly someone from the crowd fires a gun at Tamaki. Red Riot tries to protect him using his hardness, but regardless, Tamaki somehow loses his quirk from the gunshot. Red Riot chases the guy who fired and catches up to him, but he drinks a drug that overpowers his quirk. Red Riot manages to find his awesome ultimate ability and becomes unstoppable, no matter how hard the bad guy centres his attack on Red Riot, he just continues on unaffected. But Red Riot can't hold this form forever. Fat Gum catches up just as Red Riot's form ends, and Fat Gum captures the bad guy.

Later another day, all the students doing work study are called in to the same place. They end up in a big room where Nighteye has called in almost every hero to discuss how they are going to approach rescuing Eri from her villain dad, who they suspect is using her flesh and blood to create bullets that erase quirks for a short time. They will have to strike at multiple locations at the same time, hence why Nighteye has called in so many heroes. 

There is some tension between Nighteye's way of doing things, waiting for the best moment to strike, and All Might's way, trying to help for the sake of helping even in the face of an inopportune moment. I suspect we will see more of this tension in the next episodes. Perhaps a climax where it has dire consequences. (All Might's death?)