Everyone is charging into the underground to find Eri, Nighteye remembers the way because he used foresights on a villain who was out shopping for girls toys, and he suspected it was for Eri. But while he remembers the way, they meet many challenges along the way. There are thugs with quirks guarding doors who have to be apprehended and bound up. There are walls showing up where there were none in Nighteye's memory. But thankfully, Togata has a quirk that lets him pass through physical objects, so he walks through the wall and figures out that the hallway is still there, just covered by a new wall. Then Deku and Red Riot smashes the wall into pieces.

Next up the entire building starts to wobble and become twisted, they manage to keep going whilst it seems they are all on acid. Suddenly, they are dropped through a newly opened hole in the floor, and they're faced with 3 strong villains with quirks. Suneater convinces the others to let him deal with them all alone and for the rest to hurry up and carry on finding Eri. He puts up a good fight, and just about clutches the victory from the grips of death. We also get to see some flashbacks in Suneater's life and his goals and motivations, it seems like he has a fierce loyalty to Togata since he was his only friend in school, and Togata was always positive. Even in the face of adversary.

The next episode we see the rest of the group trying to find and disable the quirk of the guy who is warping the building. Thankfully, he stopped focusing on them when they dropped through the floor and is now trying to keep out the rest of the police force. They are closing in, but he tried to push Eraser Head into an isolated fight, but both Fat Gum and Red Riot jumps to save Eraser and gets sucked into the fight meant for him. Red Riot immediately takes a big hit and get scared for his life, as even his unbreakable did not protect him from this guy's attack. Fat Gum tries to take on the fight alone while Red Riot is cowering, but he seems overpowered and is taking a very rough beating. We get some flashbacks from Red Riot, and he eventually managed to overcome his fear and fight despite it. Like the heroes he looks up to does. Together they manage to deal a fatal blow to their opponents.