After the dinner at the Todoroki family Deku, Baku, Endeavor, Shoto and Endeavor's driver are driving home when they are stopped by some guy causing trouble. However, this time its not some arbitrary villain. It's someone who seems obsessed with Endeavor. His great desire is to be killed by Endeavor in combat, and to accomplish this he has been stalking Endeavor's family. After the dinner, he kidnapped Shoto's big brother and is now threatening to kill him if Endeavor does not kill him first. 

Endeavor is quick to the scene as always but he cannot use his raw strength like usual because he is emotionally attached to the victim and afraid to hurt him. Thankfully Deku, Baku and Shoto picks up the slack and manages to save the day. Deku even learned to control his whip quirk.

Endeavor has a good talk with Shoto's brother for probably the first time in 20 years and it seems like there is now a road ahead to repair their relationship. Not a paved road perhaps, but a road nonetheless. 

Eraser Head and Present Mic travels out of town to meet the captured Kurogiri who turns out to be a Nomu and their dead classmate from when they all were students at UA. They try to talk with their classmate buried deep under the Kurogiri personality, and things get very emotional. It seems to be working though and Kurogiri starts breaking up. The police are thinking perhaps the person underneath can reveal valuable information who did this and how. But before they can get to that point, the physical body seems to collapse in exhaustion and the interrogation is over. 