---
tags:
  - day
  - task-developers-boon
  - task-brainwashing
  - tamper-proof-chastity
  - hypno
  - conditioned-for-her
---

# Sunday, January 8

Yesterday evening, Miss Ana was very kind to me and added all the tasks I've made so far to the lock. It made me smile a lot :) I started my day by taking a hygiene unlock and showering and shaving everything properly clean. I took the time, 35 minutes, but wanted to test out the cage I fixed [[2023-01-07]]. So I did not set the lockbox code until the night, just in case it would break again. After that, early afternoon, I made a list of hypnosis files I wanted to listen to and asked Miss Ana if I could listen to one of them. This was the list:

```
1. Trapped in Anal Slut Training (by Shibby) https://shibbydex.com/file/97dec932-12d2-4cf9-8156-778fb9987e12 

File that’s supposed to train me to be stuck in chastity until I can orgasm from anal. Suggestions to orgasm from anal stimulation. Instruction to wear a chastity cage and anal plug/prostate massager. Suggestion to want to listen to the file again because the training feels good. 

Script: https://write.as/l9ojkh9lb1flqxof.md 

2. Conditioned by HER (by Shibby) https://shibbydex.com/file/90876c42-57c0-40a1-ad51-a3d8409a0f58 

A brainwashing file to transfer feelings of affection and submission towards the voice in the hypnosis files to “that woman in your life”. Conditioning me to obey that woman. Instructions to have a picture of the one to attach these feelings to in front of me. 

Script: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X_cLd4Fjl382TexIKezxc16EyvE-8QvQfhI3JTIHozo/edit?usp=sharing 

3. Snick (by Shibby) https://shibbydex.com/file/9140cca1-15ec-4c76-8b34-e3b658efd108


A brainwashing/bondage file, hearing the snick of lock shutting binding my wrists, thighs and chastity. Then deep trance training. 

Script: No Script 😦
```

Miss Ana wanted me to listen to the “Conditioned for HER” file, which is very exciting and a bit scary too. But I know this feels right and hypnosis is not some all powerful ting either, it only makes me a bit more susceptible to ideas from others I already like. The file instructed me to put up an image of Miss Ana's looking at the camera, and I used the lovely image Miss Ana posted in discord a few days ago. I was to put it on full-screen and did so. It was very intense looking right into Miss Ana eyes as I was being dropped down and conditioned to obey Miss Ana. And made to feel like Miss Ana owned and controlled me. It explained that the hypnosis voice was just my trainer, that whenever I hear it was training me on behalf of Miss Ana. The file gave a couple of triggers, first that I would tell Miss Ana of any triggers installed after any file I listen to. And second, that I would want to listen to the “Conditioned to HER” file again to deepen the feelings. I don't feel like they are some compulsion, but playing along is fun. Like I said, hypnosis is more about suggestions than direct control for me.

I was very aroused throughout the entire experience, so much so that it hurt a decent bit. Not enough to make me lose focus on the hypnosis. But enough that it was on my mind.

After it was over I sat up on the edge of my bed and when I stood up I noticed a bit of a wet spot where I was sitting 😊 So I changed the sheets 😆

The rest of the day I spent working on the lockbox reversing, some slow progress was made. Hopefully having this as a task for Miss Ana means that my motivation to keep working at it will keep up.

I also did a bit of experimentation on my newish cage and ways to make it pullout-proof. Having a system where pulling out is, if not impossible, at least detectable by the keyholder has been an elusive goal of mine for a long time. While I still enjoy chastity as a trust exercise, I do also very much like power play and want real power exchange.

I won't bother Miss Ana with my crazy system unless she asks, or I figure out something that works long term, but I will experiment a bit when I can.